Replace application with fleets for More Resources section (#2011)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/more/anti-patterns.md

Any modifications made to the host OS before flashing or at runtime carry undue risk. If the host OS has been modified in some way (other than connection details), any subsequent behavior cannot be guaranteed.

### Modifying the host’s systemd services via D-Bus

> While {{ $names.os.lower }} provides lots of flexibility in terms of interacting with the host OS via D-Bus, with great power comes great responsibility. Since these interactions can potentially cause {{ $names.os.lower }} devices to disconnect from {{ $names.cloud.lower }} or even fall offline, these API calls should be carefully guarded and considered in the fleet code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While {{ $names.os.lower }} provides lots of flexibility in terms of interacting with the host OS via D-Bus, with great power comes great responsibility. Since these interactions can potentially cause {{ $names.os.lower }} devices to disconnect from {{ $names.cloud.lower }} or even fall offline, these API calls should be carefully guarded and carefully considered.
```

## Managing Resources

### Creating a reboot loop
One common anti-pattern is to trigger reboots if some condition is met (using the supervisor API or D-Bus directly). Often this "fix" can cause reboot loops that are unexpected and cause more trouble than they fix. Nearly all components of {{ $names.os.lower }} are health-checked and restarted if found to be non-functional, including the [operating system itself][watchdog] (when available).

### Causing an out-of-memory (OOM) scenario
When developing on low-footprint devices or for a heterogeneous fleet, it is easy to forget about managing memory consumption. Due to the nature of [Linux's out-of-memory killer][linux-oom], these events are often difficult to catch and debug. Individual services can be limited by {{ $names.engine.lower }} using [directives in `docker-compose.yml`][docker-compose].

## Managing Fleets

### Not pinning base image versions

> It is important to make a conscious decision regarding pinning an fleet's base image to a specific version, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to make a conscious decision regarding pinning a container's base image to a specific version, for example:
```
